[OSDOCS-4880]: [feature] ALB on OSD/ROSA (#62273)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/aws-uninstalling-an-aws-load-balancer-operator.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/aws-load-balancer-operator.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="aws-uninstalling-an-aws-load-balancer-operator_{context}"]
= Uninstalling an AWS Load Balancer Operator

> To uninstall an AWS Load Balancer Operator (ALBO) and perform an overall clean up of the associated resources, perform the following procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To uninstall an AWS Load Balancer Operator (ALBO) and perform an overall cleanup of the associated resources, perform the following procedure.
```
Per ISG: "clean up" = verb; "cleanup" = noun
